The heart says, the mouth says, the mouth is the most important thing.
What is the meaning of the Chinese?
The Chinese say in the heart, the mouth says in the mouth,
and the Chinese say in the heart.
All of us, all of our fellow villagers,
we have two words in our hearts,
and we say in the heart,
We believe that we,
we have been working hard to get to this day.
Today is the day we have been working hard for 100 years.
We have only one day left.
We all together,
we have reached the spirit of working together,
and we have reached the spirit of working together.
We all together,
all of us, our fellow villagers,
we have been working hard to get to this day.
How are they so brave,
how are they so hardworking,
how are we going to be able to make a great contribution.
We don't need others,
we don't need ourselves,
we have reached the spirit of working together,
and we have reached the spirit of working together.
We all together,
we have reached the spirit of working together.
In the past 30 years,
the map of the victory of the Battle of Badoo has been completed.
In the past 10 years,
the victory of the war has been completely defeated.
Today, we have been working together,
and we can remember that
in the past 90 years,
China has been living in a state of peace and harmony.
This is the meaning of our three years of
fighting against the Japanese,
and working together to defeat the Chinese,
and defend the East Asia.
Today, we are working together
with the people of the various parties of Japan,
we are all working together,
both of us are working together,
and working together.
We have reached the spirit of working together,
and we have all the courage to
continue to work together
to achieve the victory of the East Asia.
We have achieved independence of China,
the victory of the Republic of China.
The victory of the East Asia is complete.